the name is jesus castillo and this is bodybuilding without nonsense
on this occasion
I want to share with you
the three lies of bodybuilding training
lie number one
the nutritional supplements and will help you gain muscle
assuming that by regulation
nutrition lifestyle
and sleep habits
are operating at the optimum point of the spectrum
introduce supplements for a 10% difference
in the best case
and I'm being generous
I would generally say
that make between 1 to 2% difference
because they only work in synergy when your nutrition training
and lifestyle are connected
and in the case of May the people who take supplements
This is not the case
will you have
more success taking your physical condition to the next level
mastering the training techniques
recovery techniques
and nutrition habits that you'll find in the bodybuilding book without
silly stuff
choose any bodybuilding magazine you have out there
and I promise you that the only thing that those supplement ads will give you was
a more lightweight wallet
powders are nothing but crushed foods that are loaded with
artificial flavors
condoms
and a lot of chemicals
liquids are certainly convenient and can help you
achieve your calorie intake goals but do not fool yourself by believing
that you will have the same anabolic defect
who has the food
do not let any supplement advertisement convince you otherwise
put artificial chemicals in your body
it gets worse before sugar is sweeteners
and condoms basically
convert
your insides in a
toxic dump
also
did you know
toxic waste
loves to stick to your fat reserve
doing something harder to eliminate body fat
can you imagine how difficult it will be to develop massive muscle in a
toxic environment
what goes in has to come out
get trash and garbage
will come out
in the form of energy decrease
slow recovery
lack of appetite
poor dreams and a poor attitude
which are elements
critical for muscle development
lie number 2
you have to train
between phases of low intensity
and high intensity phases
the fact is that your muscles can only be
they will be able to get bigger
and stronger
as a result of applying the most fundamental principles of bodybuilding
is voice to two in this book of bodybuilding without nonsense
with progressive overload
the low intensity training against says the most fundamental of the
training principles
required to develop muscle
about progressive loading means that gradually
and consistent
it increases
the demand on the system
skeletal muscle
so that continuous openleaks profits
in muscle size
the strength the resistance
and the flexibility
in simple words
must subject your muscles to stress
unaccustomed
when a muscle has subdued although the degree of stress
and unaccustomed effort
To the point of view of an injury, the muscle adapts to stress
added
getting bigger
a simple principle by definition however the term has been abused
taking out of context
and executing the very poorly
Remember that your muscles will only be larger than enough basins
to do it
what will your muscles be like
if they reduce the overload to make a phase of great intensity
you can not develop new muscles because there is no overload
when you enter lightweight you are wasting your time
and the resources of your body
that could be used to restore
and recover your body which
it would accelerate your recovery
and the opportunity to overload again
The intensity
is one of the three main variables of training
that less times forgotten
intensity
duration
and frequency
this means that if the intensity of 6 x world life
for a certain period of time
Strength and muscle gains yield
c deteriorates
very quickly
decrease the frequency that and the duration
Massa more often has a positive response
has a less negative impact on your muscle gains
comparing it with the disastrous consequences of decreasing
you intensity
if you are going to rest
if you are going to train hard
trained hard
lie number 3
if you're not getting bigger
by genetic duck
what a pity that the advice of your parents choose wisely
this one out of your power
in the end, having bad genetics is an excuse for the lazy
it's an easy way out
and it's a very convincing very convenient way to sneak away
especially when there is not someone out there who proves that it's true
how safe can we be
when the time
who complains about adding genetics
between the calves from time to time
he remembers and with garbage
when nobody sees it
maybe he was born with 50% less muscle fiber than the rest of us without
embargo
most likely
is that you have not learned the basic principles of muscle growth
clearly the genetic problem
most of the time
the problem is everything
most of the time the problem is you
but nevertheless
if truly this genetically damned
forever
you'll have to work a little harder
so that you keep up
However
I think you'll be quite surprised with the results you'll get
with this program
I like epi clarify very well
skinny guy
there is no excuse I repeat it
there is no excuse
to throw in the towel to give up
if you are wishful
if you have those who little friend of the muscles
training more intelligently
you can opera most of the obstacles
and disguise your limitations
know more about these principles of training
and how to develop muscle mass and